README.md, before:

# React Native Learning Repository

Welcome to my React Native Learning Repository!  
This repo is dedicated to my journey of learning React Native, following along with various YouTube video courses and tutorials. The goal is to document, experiment, and practice key React Native concepts as I explore the ecosystem.

## About

- This repository serves as a sandbox for experimenting with React Native features and concepts.
- Code examples, exercises, and notes are based on content from YouTube courses and community tutorials.
- It’s a work-in-progress, growing as I advance through different topics.

## Getting Started

### Topics Folder

The [topics](https://github.com/Saifullahkhan31/react-native-learning/tree/main/topics) folder contains organized notes, code samples, and mini-projects for each major React Native concept covered during my learning journey. If you’re looking for structured deep dives on particular topics, start here!

### Prerequisites

- [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/)
- [Expo CLI](https://docs.expo.dev/get-started/installation/) (optional, if using Expo)
- Android Studio or Xcode (for running on emulators/simulators)

### Installation

1. **Clone the repository:**
   ```sh
   git clone https://github.com/Saifullahkhan31/react-native-learning.git
   cd react-native-learning
   ```

2. **Install dependencies:**
   ```sh
   yarn install
   # or
   npm install
   ```

3. **Run the app:**
   - For Expo projects:
     ```sh
     npx expo start
     ```
   - For React Native CLI (Android):
     ```sh
     npx react-native run-android
     ```
   - For React Native CLI (iOS):
     ```sh
     npx react-native run-ios
     ```

## Features & Dependencies

- Written primarily in **TypeScript**.
- Minor usage of **Kotlin** and **JavaScript**.
- Includes typical React Native dependencies and libraries as required by the courses and experiments.

## Usage Example

You can launch the app on an emulator or physical device to explore the concepts covered in the latest modules.  
Feel free to browse the code, play with components, and adapt the examples as you learn!

## Contributing

Do you have suggestions for learning resources, courses, or React Native concepts I should cover?  
Would you like to offer advice, guidance, or corrections?

**All contributions are welcome!**  
Feel free to open an issue or pull request with:

- Links to recommended tutorials, articles, or courses
- Advice on how to approach specific React Native topics
- Corrections or improvements to existing code/examples
- Tips on best practices or learning strategies

Let’s learn React Native together!

---

Happy coding!  
Saifullahkhan31

Commit message:

Updated README.md, adding structure heading to understand repo better

README.md, after:

# React Native Learning Repository

Welcome to my React Native Learning Repository!  
This repo is dedicated to my journey of learning React Native, following along with various YouTube video courses and tutorials. The goal is to document, experiment, and practice key React Native concepts as I explore the ecosystem.

## About

- This repository serves as a sandbox for experimenting with React Native features and concepts.
- Code examples, exercises, and notes are based on content from YouTube courses and community tutorials.
- It’s a work-in-progress, growing as I advance through different topics.

## Getting Started

### Topics Folder

The [topics](https://github.com/Saifullahkhan31/react-native-learning/tree/main/topics) folder contains organized notes, code samples, and mini-projects for each major React Native concept covered during my learning journey. If you’re looking for structured deep dives on particular topics, start here!

### Structure

The repository has folder for all topics covered and each topic has subfolders with components and an app.tsx file where all the components are imported and rendered.

Each of those app.tsx files are then imported in the main index.tsx file in the root of the repository. This is the entry point of the application. When working on a specific topic, only that topic's app.tsx file is imported, others are commented out to avoid any conflicts.

### Prerequisites

- [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/)
- [Expo CLI](https://docs.expo.dev/get-started/installation/) (optional, if using Expo)
- Android Studio or Xcode (for running on emulators/simulators)

### Installation

1. **Clone the repository:**
   ```sh
   git clone https://github.com/Saifullahkhan31/react-native-learning.git
   cd react-native-learning
   ```

2. **Install dependencies:**
   ```sh
   yarn install
   # or
   npm install
   ```

3. **Run the app:**
   - For Expo projects:
     ```sh
     npx expo start
     ```
   - For React Native CLI (Android):
     ```sh
     npx react-native run-android
     ```
   - For React Native CLI (iOS):
     ```sh
     npx react-native run-ios
     ```

## Features & Dependencies

- Written primarily in **TypeScript**.
- Minor usage of **Kotlin** and **JavaScript**.
- Includes typical React Native dependencies and libraries as required by the courses and experiments.

## Usage Example

You can launch the app on an emulator or physical device to explore the concepts covered in the latest modules.  
Feel free to browse the code, play with components, and adapt the examples as you learn!

## Contributing

Do you have suggestions for learning resources, courses, or React Native concepts I should cover?  
Would you like to offer advice, guidance, or corrections?

**All contributions are welcome!**  
Feel free to open an issue or pull request with:

- Links to recommended tutorials, articles, or courses
- Advice on how to approach specific React Native topics
- Corrections or improvements to existing code/examples
- Tips on best practices or learning strategies

Let’s learn React Native together!

---

Happy coding!  
Saifullahkhan31
